Space Academy - Scripts

I. Cast of Characters

A) Main Male – Ari
B) Main Female - ?
C) Best Friend Male - 
D) Best Friend Cat - ?
E) Female Teacher 1

II. Location 

A) Dormitory
B) Common Area
C) Classrooms
D) VR-Rooms
E) Command Center
F) Mess Hall
G) Clinic
H) Gym
I) Recreation Area
J) Garden


III. Story and Narrative 


A) Back story:



Near the end of the 30th Century, the human race have started colonizing space, building new homes on the moon and Mars and the moons of Jupiter.  

A trained Space force of skilled astronauts, engineers, scientists, medical specialists, and spaceship captains are needed for these extraterrestrial enterprise.  

Humanity first Space Academy was built by an international cooperative and launched into an orbiting path around the earth.  It's mission, to train and prepare the best and accomplished space-worthy graduates, to take humanity from the confine of Earth to the infinite of space.





B) Cut Scenes (Male)


1. Meeting best friend:


(Ari exited the airlock with slip paper in hand, wandering around the hallways trying to find the dormitory area).  He saw [Best Friend Male] sitting on a bench with his face in his hands):

Ari:  Hello!  Excuse me?

[Best Friend Male]:  *sniff*

Ari:  Hello?  Will you help me please?

[Best Friend Male]:  Wha?  Oh, you one of the newbie.  *looked up, paused for a minute, then smiled*  Welcome the Academy, newbie.  You lost?

Ari:  Yeah... I didn't realize this place is so big.  I mean, I thought it was going to be all cramped and tight corridors.  Well, there are corridors, but there are so many of them!

[Best Friend Male]:  It's not so big.  You will get use to it in a few days.  Where are you trying to get to?

Ari:  Just trying to find my dorm.  There's this map, but I can't wrap my head around the orientation and direction!  It's 2d and I don't know what's up and what' down.

[Best Friend Male]:  HAHA!  I had the same problem my first year!  That thing is garbaged.  Throw it away.  *got up and grab his pack*  I am heading to my dorm.  I can take you to the male dormitory area.  What's your dorm number?

Ari:  *looking at a slip of paper*  7A.




2. Meeting Female Teacher



3. Home Sick



4. Emails from Earth



5. Space Sickness



6. Bathroom Humor



7. Space Food

8. Movie Night

9. Garden of Ed

10. Grades competition

11.  Comet showers

12. Earth-rise

13. Moon-rise

14. Bully

15. Standing up to Bully

16. Theft

17. Expulsion

18. Detention

19. Cleaning Duty

20. Gardening Duty

21. Mess Hall Duty

22. Meeting the General

